=pod

=head1 NAME

newpm - Create a new Perl Module from the shared template.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

C<newpm foo.pm [VERSION]>

C<newpm foo [VERSION]>

C<newpm foo::bar [VERSION]>

=head1 DESCRIPTION

B<newpm> creates a new perl module from the shared template, using the user's ~/.pudrc file to obtain the copyright holder for the copyright notice in the comments.  The value of B<VERSION> is optional, and is used to set the B<$VERSION> variable for the I<package> created in the file.

B<foo> and B<foo::bar> are a simpler interface to create object oriented perl modules (yes, OO is possible in perl).

=head1 FILES

~/.pudrc

/usr/share/pud/template/pm.template

/var/log/pud/error.log

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<perl>

L<newpl>

L<newpod>

=head1 AUTHOR

Michael D. Stemle, Jr.

=head1 COPYRIGHT NOTICE

Copyright (C) Michael D. Stemle, Jr.

S<    >This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

S<    >This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.

S<    >You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307, USA.

=cut
